Updated copy to reflect time of cycle (#1361)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/start-teacher-training-this-september.md

---
title: "There's still time to apply"
subtitle: "Start teacher training this September"
description: |-
  There's still time to apply for teacher training in 2021. You could apply now and be training by September 2021 if you follow these instructions.
date: "2021-06-07"
image: "media/images/content/teaching-as-a-career-hero-dt.jpg"
mobileimage: "media/images/content/teaching-as-a-career-hero-mob.jpg"
backlink: "../"
keywords:
    - Application
    - Apply
    - 2021 
    - support
    - training
---

> Everyday, people are being accepted onto courses that start this September. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every day, people are being accepted onto courses that start this September.
```

or 

```suggestion
Everyday people are being accepted onto courses that start this September.
```

Places fill up quickly at this time of year, but there are still hundreds of courses available across the country.

Courses cover a range of subjects including modern languages, mathematics, science and more.

## Find a course

Search for a teacher training course:

> <a class ="button button--white" href ="https://www.find-postgraduate-teacher-training.service.gov.uk">Find postgraduate teacher training</a>

Reviewer: To me it feels like this section is a bit short. The heading, paragraph and button text all mirror each other. Is it worth moving the "Courses cover.." paragraph from just above into it and perhaps expanding on it a bit?
